>> On Gaia Events+.
>> You can manifest the kind
of life you wish to experience.
In order for you to be set
free, you have to forgive.
>> This week on Gaia
on "Deep Space--"
>> These beings are
living among us,
and they do influence
us day to day.
And, of course, there
are ones that visit us.
So it's not a question
of if they are here.
They always have been here.
>> New series.
>> And it was at that moment
that a voice in my own
language, in perfect
Spanish, broke the silence,
telling me in a metallic
tone, don't stop searching.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory--"
>> What would happen, Laurie,
if you're walking through
a portal, and it closes on you?
>> Portals are energetic
areas on the Earth,
even black holes that
people can disappear in.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith--"
>> There was a female energy,
and her voice was familiar
but I don't know.
She was like, we get it.
We get it's been hard for you.
But if you choose
to stay, you're
going to be able to help
a lot of people with this.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]